Big issues
	Failing to distinguish objectives from features
	multiple parts of the solution dont have means of being realized
		some aspects dont have ui
		database design not fully fleshed out
		algorithms are not clear on if they are just [a] solution, a [good] solution, or just a sketch to get something on paper

	strong start -> becomes weaker -> becomes weaker-er
	project design and plan for execution don't match our vision

	our goals + objectives need to touch on the criteria when compairing to competition

	"hedge words" in comparison -> not formal
	informal language!
	important criteria [receipt scanning] needs to show up earlier
	comparisons focus on features rather than methods -> this a basis for improvement


	method overview in proposed work section
	section 4 sucks organization and intro wise

	data flow for meal selection

	need to iron out A LOT about preferences and how those interplay with our infrastructure.

	what are our algorithms optimized for?

	diagram is not sufficient
		preferences
		planned vs carried out meals
		pantry table specifics
		is there enough info for calendar view?

	need to reference when talking about dataset

	ui layout is missing visuals of core functionality

	scope is talking about features, not scope. 
		what does general purpose meal planning app mean, why arent we this?

	db design doesnt show our psql

	kaggle license, format, size, how to use, etc.

	gantt chart rough

	sources not correct
		

Good things
	vision is well articulated
	identifies our niche
	
	3 clear objectives
	research into existin methods is thorough


questions
	rankings vs suggestions
	temporal organization, personalization when picking recipes
	why mobile app?

	3.2, who is they? -> other competitors
	who are you quoting? respective app websites [no source]
	


dataset license
	data derived from
	https://paperswithcode.com/dataset/food-com-recipes-and-interactions
		unknown license

	Data files © Original Authors

	how do you copyright a recipe?
	food.com copyright takes precendent over scraped?

	"Copyright, a form of intellectual property law, protects original works of authorship including literary, dramatic, musical, and artistic works, such as poetry, novels, movies, songs, computer software, and architecture. Copyright does not protect facts, ideas, systems, or methods of operation, although it may protect the way these things are expressed."

	https://www.copyrightlaws.com/copyright-protection-recipes/

	If you have a collection of recipes, for example in a cookbook, the collection as a whole is protected by copyright. Collections are protected even if the individual recipes themselves are in the public domain.

	https://www.zsalads.com/blogs/the-latest/copyrighting-recipes




from meeting
how complex is this software
finding a medium between simplest and best solutions

better sense of the components and their interdependencies
	receipt ocr -> how does taht effect downstream

disjointness between sections
in our needs, dig to the real problem
	the problem isnt that other apps suck
	seperate the WHAT from the HOW 
	
	non trivial maangement of resources
	needs statement is similar to describing our objectives

	keeping correspondance between real pantry and representation

	thunk about what would make our app effective for use in objectives

	naive algorithm for core ingredients vs non-core ingredients